*Note: This file contains a list of my thoughts and why I made certain choices in the lesson*

## General Thoughts
- It wasn't clear exactly what test_main.py were for - whether it was something to be run as part of the "Submit" functionality (in the first part of the "Learn to Code in Python" course) or as a user-visible test-case (as in the latter parts of the course). I was going to try to former in the "List Comprehension" lesson and the latter in the "Enumerate" lesson, but ended up realizing too late that it would've made more sense to do it the other way around. I didn't want to refactor my code or rewrite my test cases so I just ended up assuming the tests were tied to the "Submit" functionality.
- I've set the test to point to the "incomplete_main.py" files, so expect test cases to fail
- It'll probably be a good idea to `iterable` before these. I'm currently doing so assuming iterables have not been explained yet, but it'll greatly simplify things if they were. Honestly I'm not sure if it was a good choice to assume that iterables have not been explained yet.
- It'll really help the discussion if we introduced the terms "for-each loop", "indexed loop", and "enumerated loop" to distinguish these approaches to the for loop in Python. It might be a bit much for a beginner, idk.
- I could probably do more thorough testing - I'm not sure what the standards are at Boot.dev
- In my test cases, I assumed that python variables can only start with letters and an underscore - I know that unicode characters are allowed. Honestly I could've probably blanketed it as a \S match (as non-compilations aren't something to worry about), but I've already written them and it should probably cover > 99.9% of use cases.

## ListComprehension

- I assumed this will be added significantly after CH8, L8 - There'll need to have been a section on arrays before this - explaining things such as `append`, `len`, and `for x in array`. These were not mentioned in the Loops Chapter, as far as I'm aware.
- There's a lot to cover with List Comprehensions and what they're capable of - it'll probably take 2-3 Lessons to really cover it, so I chose to focus on the basics as an introduction lesson. Subsequent lessons will cover the "if condition" part of the syntax and what else can be done in the "expression" section (maybe even nested comprehensions, but that may be a bit too complicated)
- I'm not sure how the testing backend is built for the "Submit" functionality, I just went with `pytest` as a generic testing framework and assuming the frontend calls pytest to verify correctness.
- There's no easy way to make sure the user is using list comprehension rather than just a normal for loop in general, so I just provided it and forced myself to find a way to tell the difference. I had two ideas - performance and just checking the codebase - and decided upon the latter as performance can be finnicky and worked around it by encouraging one specific style of solution (through the [readme.md](./ListComprehension/readme.md)). I am aware that there are ways to bypass my regex checks and that it's a clunky way to do things, but I don't know of a better approach. (yes, I may be a psychopath for turning most possible valid variations of the solution into a regex match, but I'm not enough of one to check for all possible variations) (also, I totally didn't have to update my regex multiple times to fix some oversights/issues).
- Honestly my lesson will probably have to go through some usability testing - I think it's easy enough to follow, but I could be totally wrong. Hopefully the tip that I provided is good enough for those who can't figure it out.
- Should we put the basic syntax (`[expression for item in iterable]`) in the lesson? I feel like it'll go over beginner's heads but it may be helpful. Also I don't think iterables have been explained, so it'll need to be explained first.

## Enumerate
- I chose to not try a user-visible test case as I felt the best way to demonstrate enumerate was through a print statement, which isn't the cleanest to test in a user-visible test case.
- The regex for ensuring the user doesn't cheat is simpler yet more complicated. There's a lot more possibilities for the user in writing this function and avoiding false positives can be tricky (cheaters may gravitate towards using "+" or "[]" in their code, but that doesn't mean it can somehow make it in even with a valid solution). I chose to use regex to attempt to search for pretty much all possible variations of an enumerate statement.
- This lesson should come before list comprehension but after `len` and the `for v in array` loop are explained. I wrote this expecting that the `for v in array` loop was just covered. If it was written, I would've evolved the previous lesson's for loop to need the index, but as it isn't, I'm pretending as if it was already written.
- I elected to not discuss how it returns a tuple as that has not been covered yet. Although it'll be good to mention it, it might be a bit much to try to discuss the differences between a list, tuple, set, and (potentially) dict at this point for a beginner.
- There should be a followup lesson on how enumerate can accept an additional parameter, telling it where in the array it should start. (kinda like in CH 8, where range was introduced with 2 parameters and gets expanded to 3 parameters in Lesson 7)
- I chose to use `range(0, len(list))` instead of my usual `range(len(list))` to keep with the prevous loop lessons, but chose to use `len(list)` instead of a magic number for the rule of thumb part - we'll need to have taught it before this lesson.